Webhooks announcements (#1001)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/240216-deprecation-rules-alerts.md

---

> title: "2024-07-10: Deprecation of rules alert endpoints"

Reviewer: /rules ?

Author: Do you know how to enable `code` in a title? This looks bad.
![image](https://github.com/codatio/codat-docs/assets/11899767/f94b7987-cfd7-4df1-893c-a83f7ef1a66e)

date: "2024-02-16"
tags: ["Deprecation"]
draft: true
authors: dcoplowe
---

On **July 10, 2024**, we will deprecate the rules alerts endpoints following the release of our [new webhooks service](/updates/240216-new-webhook-service-released).

<!--truncate-->

> ## Endpoints being deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following endpoints will be deprecated as of the specified date:

> - `GET /rules/alerts`

Author: It's not in our API ref. I should add deprecation flags for our SDKs.

- `GET /rules/{ruleId}/alerts`
- `GET /rules/alerts/{alertId}`

Moving forward, we encourage you to access webhook event logs through our portal.

> Simply navigate to [Monitor > Webhooks](https://app.codat.io/monitor/webhooks) to seamlessly view webhook event logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [Monitor > Webhooks](https://app.codat.io/monitor/webhooks) to seamlessly view webhook event logs.
```

## Action required

> To ensure a smooth transition, we kindly ask you to review and update your application logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure a smooth transition, please review and update your application logic to remove any dependencies on the deprecated endpoints. This will help prevent any disruptions to your integration with Codat.
```

> Specifically, remove any dependencies on the deprecated rules alerts endpoints. This will help prevent any disruptions to your integration with Codat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Expected impact if no action is taken

If no action is taken before the deprecation date, your application will encounter difficulties retrieving rules alerts programmatically.

> The deprecated endpoints will return 'not found' (404) status codes, hindering the expected functionality of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated endpoints will return 'not found' (404) status codes, preventing your application from functioning normally.
```
